README.md, before:

### Revive [Open Source RTS]
Development has ended!

Have fun :)

### About
Two Necromancers dueling each other by reviving skeletons from the graves. They suck life energy from nearby good and nice flowers and transfer it to their minions to empower them in battle.

### How to Install and Run the game?
There is no installation steps in this project. Just follow steps down below:

- Download the .zip file that is released on GitHub page. 
- Open the Revive.exe file.
- Set the resolution and graphics quality.

### How to play? Instuctions
- You should survive. So you need to find Graves that you can spawn skeletons with "F" key on your keyboard.
- If you have skeletons you can upgrade their damage points. To do that, you should find nice, sweety flowers and than when you near the flowers you can get their souls by pressing "E" key.
- When you have soul of nice flowers, you can "right click" to your any skeletons to evolve them.

### Screen shots
![alt tag](https://preview.ibb.co/hjAzom/revive_cover.png)

![alt tag](https://preview.ibb.co/f0GB16/revive_gameplay_1.png)

![alt tag](https://preview.ibb.co/iNeW16/revive_gameplay_2.png)

#### Known Bugs
- When the game restarted on the end, the music duplicate itself.
- In gameplay, there is a house on bottom left of the map which is non-baked with navigation mesh in Unity 3D. So player and also other all entities can walk inside from house.

#### Credits
##### Team Roles:
- Gökhan Karagöz (Unity 3D Developer)
- Yusuf Ulufer (3D Artist)
- Hüseyin Yaşar (Game Designer)

Commit message:

Put links of Youtube video and GGJ website.

README.md, after:

[![Gameplay video of the Revive project](https://img.youtube.com/vi/gahDQN4Pjk8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gahDQN4Pjk8)

#### This project made for GGJ 2018 BUG. ![Webpage](https://globalgamejam.org/2018/games/revive-v10-open-source)

### Revive [Open Source RTS]
Development has ended!

Have fun :)

### About
Two Necromancers dueling each other by reviving skeletons from the graves. They suck life energy from nearby good and nice flowers and transfer it to their minions to empower them in battle.

### How to Install and Run the game?
There is no installation steps in this project. Just follow steps down below:

- Download the .zip file that is released on GitHub page. 
- Open the Revive.exe file.
- Set the resolution and graphics quality.

### How to play? Instuctions
- You should survive. So you need to find Graves that you can spawn skeletons with "F" key on your keyboard.
- If you have skeletons you can upgrade their damage points. To do that, you should find nice, sweety flowers and than when you near the flowers you can get their souls by pressing "E" key.
- When you have soul of nice flowers, you can "right click" to your any skeletons to evolve them.

### Screen shots
![alt tag](https://preview.ibb.co/hjAzom/revive_cover.png)

![alt tag](https://preview.ibb.co/f0GB16/revive_gameplay_1.png)

![alt tag](https://preview.ibb.co/iNeW16/revive_gameplay_2.png)

#### Known Bugs
- When the game restarted on the end, the music duplicate itself.
- In gameplay, there is a house on bottom left of the map which is non-baked with navigation mesh in Unity 3D. So player and also other all entities can walk inside from house.

#### Credits
##### Team Roles:
- Gökhan Karagöz (Unity 3D Developer)
- Yusuf Ulufer (3D Artist)
- Hüseyin Yaşar (Game Designer)
